Limit memory usage of scenario service in tests (#5373)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/tools/assistant.rst

  - ``grpc-timeout``: This option controls the timeout used for communicating
    with the scenario service. If unspecified this defaults to 60s. Unless you get
    errors, there should be no reason to modify this.
  - ``jvm-options``: A list of options passed to the JVM when starting the scenario

>     service. This can be used to limit maximum heap size via ``-Xmx500M``.

Reviewer: I think we can probably avoid giving an example. here. If you don't know how this flag works, you should not be using it.

```suggestion
    service. This can be used to limit maximum heap size via the ``-Xmx`` flag.
```
